Okay,
guys,
in this section,
we're gonna have a look at named Ranges.
Now,
there are essentially two types of named ranges in Excel in.
We're going to cover them both.
In this section,
we have static named ranges which essentially mean that they are always set.
So where whenever you set that name range to be,
it will always be on.
We have dynamic named Ranges and dynamic Named Range is,
as the name dynamic suggests,
expand and contract.
Depending on the data set that uses thumb,
the name was suggest being named range that it would only refer to a range of cells,
but it could equally refer to a single cell.
So what we're gonna do first is have look a single cell named range.
Now you'll remember that if we drank a formula around,
but we always want to reference exactly the same cell.
We have to hit F four to make the cell reference an absolute cell reference.
Orefice ID equals this multiplied by this the first time we interest.
It's fantastic and it works beautifully.
If we copied it down and hit f two,
we can see that this cell has also moved down one.
So we've drunk the formula down,
so we're now looking at this cell.
But this has moved in to now the way around.
That obviously is.
We could absolute cell reference by hitting,
therefore on control on D.
And that works perfectly well.
But at some point or other,
you may well forget.
Actually,
when you look at that formula,
what actually is in cell absolute be absolute three.
It tells us exactly where it is,
but it doesn't tell us what it is.
And that's what one of the uses for unnamed range.
So what we're gonna do is we're gonna click on this cell and name in a range is very simple
.
You just click in the name box.
No names of ranges must always begin with the letter or another score,
I think,
but I usually start with the letter,
so I'm just gonna call this markup on hit.
Enter.
So now when I click off,
you can see if I'm here.
The name boxes,
um,
in cell e seven here it system in a five.
But when I click back on here,
it no say's markup.
So what it can do is say equals this cell multiplied by Mark.
And as I start to type it,
you can see the Excel has already identified.
We have a named range called markup,
so I can just double click that and you can see the yet absolutely it's reference in that
cell that we just named Hit Enter.
Now I don't have to absolute sole reference that I can just copy that formula and every
single time it will look at that named range markup and always get the right target and
feel the useful thing with Markup says.
When I click onto another sheet,
somebody could say,
Hey,
I've got some blackberries that you can buy at 50 p.
I may want to find what my markup is,
but not remember the percentage that I've entered over here in our markup self,
but I can call that value from anywhere so I can say equals that multiplied by markup.
Onda,
40 p is the markup on a 50 p products and if I just wanted to see what the market wants,
I could literally just type equals,
mark up and hit an intact and see they go 80% his own markup,
so by name in the range over here.
We can call that by its name and use it in any former that we want to anywhere within the
spreadsheet.
Okay,
That's how you do a single cell in the next lecture.
We're gonna have a look at how you do a range of cells.
I'll see you in the next lecture.